Update create-tidb-instance-premium.md (#22288)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/premium/create-tidb-instance-premium.md

2. On the **TiDB Instances** page, click **Create Instance**.
3. Enter a name for your {{{ .premium }}} instance.
4. Choose a cloud provider and a region where you want to host your instance.

> 5. In the Capacity section, set the Max number of Request Capacity Units (RCUs) for your instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. In the **Capacity** area, set the maximum number of the Request Capacity Units (RCUs) for your instance.
```
